[U-8160] Add notify_alongside_primary_responder to integration resources (#202)
BetterStackHQ/terraform-provider-betteruptime: docs/data-sources/betteruptime_slack_integration.md

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this Slack integration.

> - `included_in_simple_escalation` (Boolean) Whether this integration is notified during simple escalations, i.e. when an incident is created on a monitor without an escalation policy configured.

Reviewer: Can you please use the same language as we use in the UI for consistency? 🙏 

<img width="645" height="133" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/472f4803-9ea5-4c22-8006-0af2d7efe9ad" />

```suggestion
- `included_in_simple_escalation` (Boolean) Whether this integration should be notified alongside the primary on-call schedule when no escalation policy is configured.
```
